ElizabethHarris-HomeworkWeek7.rst, before:

How to hard boil eggs
=====================

Instructions:

1. Place your eggs in a single layer on the bottom of your pot and cover with cold water.
2. Over high heat, bring your eggs to a rolling boil.
3. Remove from heat and let stand in water for 10-12 minutes for large eggs.
4. Drain water and immediately run cold water over eggs until cooled.


Cook time chart
***************

+-----------------+---------------+--------------------+
| Type            |  Time         |  Texture           |
+=================+===============+====================+
| Soft Boiled     |  4 minutes    |  very soft         |
+-----------------+------------------------------------+
| Medium Boiled   |  6 minutes    |  custardy yet firm |
+-----------------+---------------+--------------------+
| Hard Boiled     |  9 minutes    |  very firm         |
+-----------------+---------------+--------------------+


.. image:: ../../../Week06-LightweightMarkup/Homework/Elizabeth/ElizabethHarrisEggs.png

How to Dye Easter Eggs
.. image:: https://www.thebestideasforkids.com/dying-easter-eggs/image file

Commit message:

experimenting with a link to the eggs

ElizabethHarris-HomeworkWeek7.rst, after:

How to hard boil eggs
=====================

Instructions:

1. Place your eggs in a single layer on the bottom of your pot and cover with cold water.
2. Over high heat, bring your eggs to a rolling boil.
3. Remove from heat and let stand in water for 10-12 minutes for large eggs.
4. Drain water and immediately run cold water over eggs until cooled.


Cook time chart
***************

+-----------------+---------------+--------------------+
| Type            |  Time         |  Texture           |
+=================+===============+====================+
| Soft Boiled     |  4 minutes    |  very soft         |
+-----------------+------------------------------------+
| Medium Boiled   |  6 minutes    |  custardy yet firm |
+-----------------+---------------+--------------------+
| Hard Boiled     |  9 minutes    |  very firm         |
+-----------------+---------------+--------------------+


.. image:: https://github.com/ZoeLawson/mcc_tools_tech/blob/Winter2022/Week06-LightweightMarkup/Homework/Elizabeth/ElizabethHarrisEggs.png?raw=true

(Zoë updated image link to see if it will work. Original is fine based on relative paths in class repo)

How to Dye Easter Eggs
.. image:: https://www.thebestideasforkids.com/dying-easter-eggs/image file
